Subject: Please read for tomorrow's RCC workshop, "Analysis of Genetic
Data, Part 2"

Thank you for registering for the RCC workshop, "Analysis of Genetic
Data 2: Mapping Genome-wide Associations." It is taking place tomorrow
afternoon (Tuesday, April 23), 2–5p in the Zar Room, which is in the
John Crerar Library.

Here are a few notes about participating in the workshop.

First, note that Part 1 is not a prerequisite for Part 2, so please
come even if you were unable to attend Part 1.

Second, if you cannot attend Part 2, please cancel your registration
on the Eventbrite website. This will help me get a better sense of
workshop size.

This is a hands-on tutorial, so you will get the most benefit from the
tutorial if you bring your laptop and work through the examples
in-class. It is best if you use the RCC cluster for all the examples,
although this is not required.

If you have an RCC account, please make sure you are able to log in to
midway2. Please refer to the instructions in the User Guide:
https://rcc.uchicago.edu/docs/connecting

If you do not have an RCC account, I can provide you with guest
access. To use the guest account, your laptop will need: (1) a USB-A
port, or that an adapter for USB-A—the newer USB ports are smaller
than USB-A, so require an adapter; (2) an SSH client, preferrably
MobaXterm (if you have macOS or Linux, you most likely already have
SSH). For further details, go to
https://rcc.uchicago.edu/docs/connecting.

If you choose not to use the RCC cluster, you should have R or RStudio
installed on your laptop, and the examples will require 8 GB of memory
(RAM).

At the beginning of the workshop, I will provide you with additional
setup instructions.

Thank you,

Peter Carbonetto
Computational Scientist, Statistics & Genetics,
Research Computing Center & Dept. of Human Genetics
University of Chicago
